3.  Python: When do you use supervised and unsupervised learning. What are the types of
regression?

Supervised learning:     
    Supervised learning is when we train the machine using data that is well-labelled.
    Which means some data is already tagged with the correct answer. After that, the machine is provided 
    with a new set of data so that the supervised learning algorithm analyses the training 
    data and produces a correct outcome from labeled data.

    example: Classification of coffee beans based on the color, shape content of caffine and so on. 

    Supervised learning is classified into two categories of algorithms: 

        Classification: A classification problem is when the output variable is a category, such as “Red” or “blue” , “disease” or “no disease”.
        Regression: A regression problem is when the output variable is a real value, such as “dollars” or “weight”.
        Supervised learning deals with or learns with “labeled” data. This implies that some data is already tagged with the correct answer.

        Types:-
            Regression
            Logistic Regression
            Classification
            Naive Bayes Classifiers
            K-NN (k nearest neighbors)
            Decision Trees
            Support Vector Machine
            etc

unsupervised learning: 
    Unsupervised learning is the training of a machine using information that is neither classified nor labeled
    and allowing the algorithm to act on that information without guidance. Here the task of the machine is to 
    group unsorted information according to similarities, patterns, and differences without any prior training 
    of data. 
    example : 

    Unsupervised learning is classified into two categories of algorithms: 

    Clustering: A clustering problem is where you want to discover the inherent groupings in the data, such as grouping customers by purchasing 
    behavior.
    Association: An association rule learning problem is where you want to discover rules that describe large portions of your data, such as 
    people that buy X also tend to buy Y.

    Types of Unsupervised Learning:-

    Clustering

        Exclusive (partitioning)
        Agglomerative
        Overlapping
        Probabilistic
                
    Types of clustering: 

        Hierarchical clustering
        K-means clustering
        Principal Component Analysis
        Singular Value Decomposition
        Independent Component Analysis


Types of regression are: 
    1. Linear Regression
    2. Logistic Regression
    3. Polynomial Regression
    4. Ridge Regression
    5. Lasso Regression
    6. Quantile Regression
    7. Bayesian Linear Regression
    8. Principal Components Regression
    9. Partial Least Squares Regression
    10. Elastic Net Regression

    
5.  Which command is used to convert any folder into a git repository?
    git init
